CSS update: Shapes from box values (#33770)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_shapes/from_box_values/index.md

{{CSSRef}}

> A straightforward way to create a shape is to use a value from the [CSS Box Model](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_box_model). This article explains how to do this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A straightforward way to create a shape is to use a value from the [CSS Box Model](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_box_model) module. This article explains how to do this.
```

The {{cssxref("box-edge")}} box values allowable as a shape value are:

- `content-box`
- `padding-box`
- `border-box`
- `margin-box`

> The `border-radius` values are also supported. This means you can have something on your page with a curved border, and your shape can follow the created shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{cssxref("border-radius")}} values are also supported. This means you can give an element a curved border, and flow your content around the created shape.
```
